"Quite a few times, many of you know already that. Few of these, if you can't do this, this is the
first time,
even though you heard Dharma teaching so many times, there's nothing kind of a difference in it
than that."
"But this entire teaching is teaching on the nature of the mind, and your nature of the mind, my
nature of the mind."
"This entire teaching, the teaching of the nature of the mind and the Dzogchen teaching is pointing
out to us,
your and my nature of mind is already in enlightened status, already in the Thri Gaya status. Thri
Gaya is enlightened status."
"And that is how, how it says. But when you look to your mind, made without going to looking out,
now you're still looking outside."
"You look that mind, look to the looker, looker that. The moment you look to the looker, looker."
"Karma like, there's nothing really much to do. But this moment you do, when you look to the looker
, that moment, what we're finding, is known as then openness."
"There's nothing really we can see. Why it says openness? There's no boundaries, no walls, it's
completely vastness, spaciousness."
"In that nature, it has no name of the stains, stain, S-T-A-I-N, stains or obscurations."
"Therefore, it's called piyo. This piyo is not just now happened that, from the beginning. It is
from the beginning less that is that nature."
"And therefore called piyo from the beginning. Piyo, that piyo is not just now from the beginning."
"Piyo from the beginning, stainless. What is not a name of that is samadabhadra, kunthu zanggu."
"Kunthu zanggu has been translated into English. Always good. All the time good. Not being good
once in a while, then it's not good. It's always good."
"That is now what we are beholding. When you look to the looker, that moment you are beholding,
that nature."
"If you like to speak, or if you like to speak, there's something about that. There's nothing to
speak. That's called speechless."
"That's what Buddha said." "Inexpressible." "Inexpressible." Also what Buddha said. "Inconceivable
."
"It's something kind of bad beyond the conceptions. There's nothing to be conceptualized, anything
"How we can understand that is only by our own realizations, our own experiences."
"What the Grand Master's teaching in the Zoki said. Experiencing the molasses by the nude persons.
Nude. Nude, right?"
"Nude persons. When they're experiencing all the flavors of the molasses of candy or the chocolate
."
"The nude person. What nude person can say about that? Only can experience."
"The experience is not just like conception, like power way. It's direct perception experience."
"Direct, valid cognition power way perception. That is right there."
"And therefore it's called inconceivable, inexperable."
"This nature is how it is. This nature of the mind is then unbound, unseasoned."
"Unbound, unseasoned, that's what it is." "This is the nature of our mind and your mind."
"When you recognize this nature, when you behold this nature."
"That's what in the Zoki teaching said, more round and proper."
"Reconizing right or at all natural states."
"The famous word of the garab dot is first pass word. Recognizing one's own nature of the mind or
more rataum too."
"More rataum to interpret means kind of difficult to talk like this things."
"But more rataum, you recognize that you by your own side."
"Not somebody is recognizing that and telling you. I mean, the Buddha said that too."
"But it's one's own recognizance."
"This is something that you really merged. Merged as it is."
"When you merge it as it is, what also in the Buddha teaching or the Vajrayana teaching you said
that."
"Jongpeng, the child in the mother's lap."
"Love, without any hesitations."
"And doubt or the karma, we don't have to question a second time, say about this."
"This is the water it is." "That is the water the nature is."
"This is what we are going to meditate."
"Meditation is the name."
"What means according to the Zoki level of meditation is maintaining in that natural status."
"Be in that status."
"It's the meditation."
"And without it, distract it."
"Destruct it."
"What means destruct it?"
"If we destruct it, then we are wandering on the walls of the habbi japatas."
"We carry out, we're not on the nature."
"So without a distraction, distract it. Be in that status."
"When you recognize that nature, when you realize this nature as karma like."
"You merge it to nature as its own your status, without any doubt and hesitations."
"When you see this, I mean there's nothing doubt to hesitate."
"This is your nature."
"This is not just a pure talking."
"It is a nugget experience of the worder, water, cognitions."
"I said so many times."
"This is what it is."
"When you have that realization, then this is."
"This nature is."
"Never, nothing can be changed on this nature."
"As I said, from the previous time until now."
"Or in the teachings said, in the Great Master and Kainji".
"But the Khera and the Buddha said so many times."
"Nature never changed."
"And the Buddha teaching said too."
"Nothing is going to change by this, by any force, by any means."
"Whatever it is, it is in that nature's status."
"Whatever it is, this nature's status."
"Even there's a turbulence, anything arises and can't be displayed."
"Expressions are coming."
"It is all happening in that nature's status."
"This is known as, and as is arising."
"As is arising."
"And also it is merging or liberating or merging back to that nature's status."
"That means all the senses, whatever is arising."
"Is arising from that unimpeded Samadabara nature's status."
"Or Kunduzampo status, pure Kunduzampo status is arising from that."
"And performing that show of arising, the display is within that nature's status."
" Kunduzampo status or pure Kunduzampo status is merging back to that nature's status."
"Nature's status, there's nothing higher and deeper, more powerful than these realizations."
"Or recognize of this."
"Then that is known as in Garabdorti's Second World."
"There is no need to be doubt and hesitate."
"This is perfectly powerful."
"Feel joy and hobby."
"We don't have to work with the teaching system."
"We don't have to be mouth-watering for the other things."
"Mouth-watering for the Ed Yana's teachings."
"Zogin is the ninth Yana's or Ed Yana's teaching."
"We have everything."
"We don't have to be distracted by the things of the other Ed Yana's."
"We have the essence."
"It is, therefore, to burden up the confidence."
"Burder up the confidence, joy, and appreciation."
"Enjoy that!"
"Not skate at court and afford all different directions."
"And become a jersey of the spirituals."
"Be in this natural state."
"Burder up the realization within that."
"Follow the legacy and example of such great master."
"Master of the Moochimas, all the great master of Malarai."
"All that. Do drop that."
"That is the one."
"And Buddha, for example."
"All this."
"This is."
"Once you have that realization, when you do, you will be maintained."
"Maintained."
"Then what?"
"Everything is going to be transcendent."
"Transcendent. Transcendent liberated, it is in all natural states."
"It is all."
"Whatever situation, whatever arises."
"Arising all that is immediately liberating in that natural or the kundasaka states."
"Pure from the beginning states."